Update lazy-susan.md instructions for connecting board/plate and motor (#2053)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/get-started/lazy-susan.md

The Raspberry Pi is powered by its own 5V power cable.
{{% /alert %}}

Connect the flange coupler to your motor, and use the M3 screws and screwdriver to fix the flange coupler to your circular board or plate.

> Turn on the board and move on to setting up your software.

Author: ```suggestion
Turn on the Raspberry Pi and move on to setting up your software.
```
